As I mentioned at the end of the last video, we're going to write out a very quick test around the
order created listener.
Again, I'm sure at this point that you might be a bit tired of testing, but it still is just such
a valuable thing to have.
We can make sure that this code works without having to actually manually test it.
So if you are tired of testing, don't sweat it.
We're not going to really go over any new techniques or anything like that inside this video so you
can skip over this one if you want to.
Otherwise, stick around and we'll put the test together for this very, very quickly.
So to get started inside of listeners, I'll make a new folder of Underscore, Underscore, Test, Underscore,
Underscore, and then inside that I'll make a new file of order.
Created listener tests.
Then inside of here, as usual, let's build our set up function.
The first thing I have to do is, well, build a listener for that.
We're going to need the net's streaming server client from our Nets wrapper file.
So we know those are at least two inputs we can do right away.
So I will get nets wrapper from up three directories.
And I will get my order created.
Listener.
From up one directory order.
Create the listener.
Well then make my order created listener and feed in that wrappers client.
After that, we're going to create a order from scratch or I should say the data order event, or that
we need to get our type for the order created event from our common module.
So at the very top, we'll get our order created event.
From our common module.
So let's say that we're going to have some data.
This will be of type order created event at data.
And then inside of here, we definitely need to list out a realistic ID property for the order itself.
All the other properties we could probably just make up, but at least the ID has to be realistic looking.
And as usual for that we will directly import mongoose.
From Mongoose and the idea of the order will be mongoose types object id that to hex string.
Okay.
So what else do we need here?
Well, version status user ID expires at.
So we'll put in a version of zero expires at.
We're not really using that.
So we could put in just whatever string.
A user ID.
We're also not releasing that.
So through in whatever string.
What else do we need here?
A status.
And then the ticket stuff.
So for the status, we do need the order status enough from our common module.
So we will add in an import for order status and now we can list out a realistic looking status right
here.
Of created.
And then for our ticket this thing will have an ID again.
Doesn't really matter what the idea is and needs to have price as well, which I will simply make ten.
Okay.
So there's our data object.
As usual.
Next thing we'll make is our message object that is going to have the mocked ack function.
So at the very top I will as usual import the message type.
From node net streaming.
Well, then tell TypeScript to ignore what we're about to type right here.
Because, remember, we're kind of cheating.
Well, really cheating.
Let's say this thing has a function.
They'll be just fine.
Yeah, I think that is it for a set up.
So we're now going to return all this stuff.
So at the very bottom of setup, I'll return listener.
Data and message and we can start to write out our actual tests.
We'll say it replicates the order info.
And we'll also make another test something like it acts the message.
In both cases, we're going to call the setup function and get back our listener data and message from
a setup.
And that do end await listener dot on message.
Emphasis on the data and the message.
And these first two lines right here, we need inside both tests.
So I'm just going to copy paste those two lines down into the second test as well.
Okay.
So how are we going to actually do an expectation?
Well, in the case of the first one, we can try to find an order inside of our orders collection and
just make sure that it has maybe the correct price or something like that.
So we could do that really quickly.
We could say Order.
Will be a wait order find by ID.
We're going to try to find an order that was saved with data ID.
We're making use of the order model right here.
So let's make sure we add an import for that at the top of the file.
So at the very top I will import order from up three directories.
Models order.
Once we fetch the order, we can make sure that it just has the correct price.
Something very simple and straightforward.
So say order, exclamation, don't forget that price.
And that should equal data.
Ticket price.
And then for acting the message.
We can do a message or expect message to have been called ere we go.
Okay.
So that should be it for our two tests.
So let's save this file.
We'll then go back over to our terminal and run them very quickly.
I'll change into my payments directory and do an NP and run test.
And looks good as usual.
Let's comment out the two on message lines.
So one and two, save it back over.
Make sure it fails.
Yep.
Two failures.
So I think we are looking good.
All right.
Well, like I said, a test that looks very similar to all the ones we had put together.
But at least now we are pretty sure that this thing works as expected.
So one more pause.
We'll come back the next video and we're going to start to work on another listener for order canceled.